Bea: Previously on "Ponies."
-We need you to find
the Kompromat facility. today.
Twila: Chris died
looking for this place.
Bea: Andrei. he's targeting
powerful Soviets
and manipulating them
with what he has on them.
-This could be
why some of the prostitutes
are being murdered
while others aren't.
Bea: That is probably how Andrei
is funneling out
his blackmail on the Russians.
-Twila: Shampoo.
-I need an "L" pill.
Bea: I'm not gonna give you
a pill so you can kill yourself.
I don't want you to die.
-We have a fucking mole.
-The Soviets didn't use
these tunnels to plant the bug.
-Our man is closer to us.
-Cheryl: What are you doing?
- Eevi: Let me explain.
-Don't!
-Your husband. he was feeding
information to the Soviets.
Twila: Tom was the one
that got Chris killed.
-When I left Belarus.
I had to leave behind
my best friend. Sofia.
Now I get to choose
to go back to my village.
-I received a message
from our friend in the village.
He asked us to visit.
Sasha:
With all the foreigners in town
for the Elton John concert.
they must be doing an operation.
[dramatic music playing]
-[chuckles] Hello. American.
[panting] I--
[both panting]
-Oh. excuse me!
-Excuse me.
[panting] Shep. fucking--
What? Shit!
-Don't stop. keep running.
Keep running.
-No! You gotta-- Okay.
-Shit!
Twila: Fuck!
Announcer: All crew members.
ten minutes to showtime!
-Okay.
-Go. go. go. Go.
-[panting]
What the fuck do we do now?
-Elton: Excuse me?
-[Twila gasps]
Who are you?
-[Twila panting]
-Hi.
-Elton. who are they?
-We-- we're the Americans.
-Obviously. Ah. I'm Elton.
-Yeah.
-Are you here
to escort me to the stage?
-Yes.
-Yes. That is--
-Yes. That's--
-That is what we're here for.
-That's why we're here. yeah.
-Yeah.
-Great.
-Twila: Yeah.
-So. do you ladies
live in Moscow?
Friendly place to live?
-Yeah. very warm.
Very welcoming city. yeah.
I was thinking
of saying something like.
"I love you. Moscow" in Russian.
How would I say that?
You know.
it's. uh. never come up.
-Oh. okay.
-Uh. let's--
-Let's get you out there.
though. Elton.
Yeah. let's--
let's go to the stage.
-Let's. uh. all go.
And-- and-- and stay close.
-Okay. That's right.
-Yeah.
-Yes. don't wanna lose anyone.
-Okay. okay.
[door clicks open]
-Nadiya.
[sighs]
Nadiya. Nadiya!
[indistinct chatter]
[man speaking in Russian]
-Shit!
-Oh! Yeah. okay! Run!
We gotta get to Sasha.
Andrei's gonna fucking kill him!
Yeah. he's gonna
fucking kill us too!
[theme music playing]
[bright music playing]
[Manya laughs]
Sofia:
-Manya:
-Sofia:
[both laughing]
[clicks tongue]
-Mm-hmm.
-Mm? [laughs]
[camera shutter clicks]
[Manya chuckles]
[all chattering]
-Mm?
[heartfelt music playing]
[♪]
[door clicks open]
[knocking on door]
[both laughing]
-Sofia!
-Manya!
[Sofia sighs]
Sofia:
Manya:
-[grunts] Help!
-Twila: Help!
-You're American!
-[Bea panting]
-You are a spy.
-[both panting]
-No. Twila!
-[Twila groaning]
[Bea groaning in pain]
[all grunting]
[Bea gasping]
I'm gonna kill you right here.
you understand?
But I will make it slowly.
-I will take my time.
-[Bea choking]
-[Bea panting]
-[metallic thudding]
-Ivanna!
-Who is this man?
[both panting]
-Come on! Let's go!
[♪]
-Ray's car.
-Ray's car?
-Race car?
-He gave me his spare.
-Really?
-Yeah. he trusts me.
Okay. let's go!
-Why is the K.G.B.
trying to kill you?
Are you a spy?
You can't be a spy.
you don't blend in.
You know. fuck off!
I'm a spy. okay?
Hey. [panting]
If I make it out of this alive.
maybe I'll. uh. call ya.
-I don't have a telephone.
-[engine revving]
-Okay. let's go.
[Eevi wheezing]
-Marine: She's stable now.
[Eevi breathing heavily]
-Ma'am.
we've stopped the bleeding.
We'll just wait here
for the ambulance to arrive.
Okay. thank God.
But-- what.
like. Soviet paramedics?
-Ma'am?
-[Cheryl sighs]
-[door click open]
-Cheryl: Ambassador Toon.
-Missus Szymanski.
-You shot your nanny?
-Yes.
She was--
she was working for them.
I caught her looking at this.
before I took matters
into my own hands.
-Jesus Christ. what is this?
-Some sort of
top secret technology.
Something that a K.G.B. agent
dressed as a paramedic
would love to get his hands on.
[suspenseful music playing]
Bring this to the guys upstairs.
The Soviets
are gonna be here any minute.
-Toon: Secure this in the vault.
-Assistant: Yes. sir.
[lock clicks open]
[dramatic music playing]
[brakes squealing]
-[knocking on door]
-[Bea panting]
-Hey.
-No. no. no. no. We have to go.
Andrei knows.
-Shh!
-Andrei knows!
The listening device
does not matter. Andrei knows.
He knows about me.
so he knows about you.
And he's coming here.
We have to go now.
-What? How? What-- how?
-We have to get you
somewhere safe.
Sasha!
♪ Feels like the sun
goin' down on me ♪
[audience cheering]
-Officer: Mister Szymanski!
-Yes?
[panting]
There's been an accident.
Someone's been shot
in your apartment.
-What? Who?
["Don't Let the Sun
Go Down on Me" playing]
-[car keys jangling]
-[Ray panting]
Where's my car?
-Aksana? Aksana.
-Ah!
-You're welcome.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Bea gasps]
-Good luck.
Bea: And listen.
we-- we're gonna get you
out of Russia. okay?
The United States
will protect you.
Sasha?
Hey. look at me.
You're gonna be okay.
Wait. what-- what is that.
on-- on your sweater?
-Oh. I-- I don't know.
It must be my sister's pin.
She wore this sweater.
Why?
What's the pin?
-When my husband died.
I found that symbol
in a card in his coat pocket.
And then we saw it
right before we first met you.
and now your sister has it
and it's on the ambulance that
was transporting the Kompromat.
Everything around this operation
has that symbol.
-It was where I worked. too.
No symbol.
but they call it Pegas. Pegasus.
-It's all connected.
-My husband knew your sister.
Did you know that?
-He was with C.I.A.. wasn't he?
I met him.
Your husband.
Right when I started
working for the C.I.A.
He whispered in my ear...
"You can trust me.
I knew your sister."
[somber music playing]
[door thuds open]
[dramatic music playing]
[panting]
[glass shattering]
[groaning]
[panting]
[♪]
[gentle music playing]
-Okay. there's no light switches
or possibly even lights.
-There's a phone.
We could--
we could call that number.
-Yes.
-Yeah.
-There's a secure line we can
use if we ever need extraction
from a situation like this.
Oh. shit.
But there's a code phrase.
What's the code phrase?
I never thought we'd need it.
What's the. what--
-Before Olympus.
Orion breaks signals.
-How did you remember that?
-Boobs.
Where do we think
the bathroom is in here?
-I think that's it.
-Huh.
-Oh.
-Worse than Moscow.
[Manya sighs]
[both laughing]
[both laugh]
Carter: And it didn't seem
like an issue
for you to let
a foreigner into your residence
in the American embassy.
-I had specifically
hired another woman.
but apparently
she died years ago.
Carter:
But you were always planning
on hiring a foreigner
for work in your home?
-We live in
the middle of Moscow.
Was I supposed to bring
somebody in from Pennsylvania?
[clears throat. clicks tongue]
We rely
on foreign citizens to...
[sighs] ...work
in the cafeteria and vacuum.
um. go to the market.
and yes. babysit my son.
-For some people in the embassy.
you would be expected
to do all those things.
Oh... [laughs] ...I work.
[scoffs] I'm the office manager
for this entire floor.
Yes. of course.
-What do you mean. "of course"?
What are you writing down?
-Everything you're saying.
This is
an open investigation. Ma'am.
You shot a woman.
Well. isn't this
just a formality?
It's not like she's dead.
-I would prefer
that you let other people
handle problems
with the foreigners.
Especially if. as you say.
you caught her stealing
sensitive items
in your apartment.
Is that right?
Is that what you said?
-"As you say?"
No. she was in there.
She unlocked my husband's drawer
in my bedroom. where I sleep.
She was in my home. with my son
asleep down the hall.
She was your nanny.
-But... [sighs]
-Sweetie!
-[Cheryl sighs]
-Oh. sweetheart.
they wouldn't tell me
where you were.
-I was so worried!
-It was awful! [gasps]
-Sir. I'm gonna need to
ask you to wait in the hall.
-We're not quite finished yet.
-I think we are finished.
Do you know who my husband is?
Who he works for?
-Ray Szymanski.
The Office of Special Projects?
Why don't you ask
your senior officer
what The Office
of Special Projects is?
Or. better yet. ask Dane Walter.
I'll give you a hint.
It means you are done
asking questions.
This is not
your problem anymore.
It's a problem
for much more important people.
Sir.
Thank you for your service.
-Oh. my God. I'm--
-Do not touch me.
I almost killed
somebody tonight. Ray.
I aimed and I shot.
Thank God I am a terrible shot!
-It's okay.
-I didn't invite
an almost Soviet into our home.
-You did!
-I am so sorry.
-There is nothing I can say--
-Stop talking.
She was going through
our things.
Your things.
The things you know about.
that I'm not
supposed to know about.
The-- the-- the files.
the locks. the...
[chuckles] ...the drawer.
the gun in the armoire. Ray.
I know. It should--
Never put me
in that position again!
I said I didn't want
that girl in our home.
Honey. I'm sorry.
You live this life of secrets...
[sighs] ...and lies
and I live that life too.
Cheryl. I am never gonna put you
in that position ever again.
When I say something.
you will listen to me.
And you will trust me.
Always.
Okay.
[sighs] I'm exhausted.
Let's go home.
Is there still a lot of blood
in the apartment?
Ah. Jesus Christ. Ray.
Man up.
[sighs]
Huh.
Huh...
Uh!
Ah.
Ah...
[ominous music playing]
-Okay. what.
uh. boiled buckwheat?
Oh. Or sea cucumber.
-Yeah. that's... I mean...
-I need you guys to see this.
This is the same shampoo
I stole from Andrei's wife.
I-- I thought it must've had
something in it. but...
-[sniffs] ...it's just shampoo.
-Gee. that does smell terrific.
-Sasha: Huh.
-Yeah. that's why
I kept the bottle.
But I didn't think
to check under the label.
There's this little...
-look.
-Oh. shit.
-Yeah. Yeah.
and all of them are like this.
[bell tolling]
-You are late.
-Just five minutes.
That's late.
-[man sighs]
-What did you see?
-She's an old woman.
visiting another old woman.
Emile: Mm-hmm.
-They spent the day
talking about bullshit.
I've never seen
two women talk so much.
-And what were
they talking about?
-Husbands. their kids.
Nothing important.
-Real family man.
-I mean. if you're asking me.
I don't think she's a spy.
-We're not asking you.
-No one said
we thought she was a spy.
-I was told there was a spy
in the village in Belarus.
The Americans need you
to follow this old woman.
-There is a spy in
the village in Belarus.
And we need you
to follow an old woman.
-I'm confused.
How are these things connected?
-It's not your fucking problem.
And it's none
of your fucking business.
[sighs] Is there really a spy
in the village?
-That's what we are here to see.
How are you feeling?
-I'm fine.
-How fine?
-If you put
an apple on your head.
I could shoot it off
at ten paces.
-Eventually.
or on the first try?
-Should we find out?
-[Emile laughs]
[man on tape
speaking in Russian]
[woman on tape moaning]
-This is
the Kompromat Andrei is using
to blackmail the other Soviets.
-And I recognize these women.
I mean.
that was George's friend.
She was murdered.
All these women were murdered
'cause of these videos.
Bea: Why would he be
keeping this here?
Dane said that he had
a place of his own--
This-- this
isn't Aksana's dacha.
It's Andrei's. Oh. shit.
-We gotta get outta here.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
Okay. I think
this is the last of it.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
[car door slams shut]
-Did you hear that?
-Yeah.
[ominous music playing]
[Dimitri and Sasha grunting]
-Oh. shit. Fuck! Fuck!
[grunting]
[groans]
[Twila exclaiming]
Twila: Oh!
[grunting]
-[Bea exclaims]
-[Dimitri grunting]
[Twila exclaims]
-[Dimitri screams]
-[Twila exclaims]
[screaming]
[muffled screaming]
[Twila and Bea panting]
[Sasha panting]
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-[Twila sighs]
-[grunts] Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-Are you okay?
-Uh-huh.
-What the fuck?
-Oh. God.
-What the fuck!
[speaking in Russian]
-[Sasha thuds on floor]
-Aksana!
[Twila exclaiming]
[Twila panting]
[Bea and Twila panting]
-[Sasha groaning]
-Sasha!
Sasha! Sasha! No!
No. no. no. Sasha!
-[Sasha groans]
-You're okay!
You're okay! You're okay!
You're okay. You're okay.
Oh. shit! Twila!
We're gonna get you outta here.
-[Sasha groaning]
-We're gonna get you outta here!
Okay? We are! Yeah. we are!
[sobbing]
[bells tolling]
[atmospheric music playing]
[speaking in Russian]
-Hmm? Mm-hmm.
-Ooh!
-Ooh.
-[Sofia laughs]
[Manya sighs]
[in English]
So. was it you following me?
Are you going to tell me why?
-Could you get
in the car. please?
[tense music playing]
-[Bea panting]
-[Twila sighs]
Bea: Okay. Uh-huh.
[♪]
Try not to move. okay?
We just need
to hold this in place.
-[Sasha groans]
-I know. I know it hurts!
Oh. God. I know it hurts.
but we just gotta--
we gotta stop
the bleeding. okay?
Okay. Hey. you know what--
you know what I was thinking?
Maybe when
you get outta the country.
you could maybe
wanna come to America--
[sighs] Would you like that?
You know. we could--
I could nurse you back to health
at my parent's house.
And oh. you could go
to their bakery. Kaplan's.
And we can try
their mandel bread.
And then.
and then what we can do.
oh. we can get
you the specialty lemonade...
-[Sasha sighs]
-...from Dell's.
It's almost like ice cream.
but I can't even describe it.
It's more like a slush.
which is weird.
And then-- and then--
and then maybe when
you're feeling better.
we can go to New York.
Would you like that?
Yeah. we could go
to New York. Sasha.
Sasha? Sasha. Sasha.
can you hear me?
-[gasps] Can-- can we see
"The Rockettes"?
[laughs] Please?
-How do you know
about "The Rockettes"?
-[sighs] What's your name?
-What?
-Your name.
I never got to know
your real name.
[chuckles] Bea.
It's short for Beatrice.
-Bea.
-Yeah.
-Nice to meet you.
-[laughs] It's nice to meet you.
-[Sasha groans]
-Bea: It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
-No. Oh. fuck.
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. Fuck.
Bea: No. no. no. no.
It's okay. it's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Fuck. Oh. shit.
[engine whirring loudly]
-Fuck. Okay. [sighs]
[tires screeching]
[glass shattering]
[exclaims]
-Hang on. okay?
-Okay. okay. what are you doing?
-Their cars. Soviet cars.
they can't make sharp turns.
-Okay. Twila?
-Just trust me.
Hang on. okay? Do you trust me?
-Yes. of course.
-Okay.
-Okay. it's okay.
-Okay. Okay.
[tires screech]
[gasps. pants]
-Shit. Shit.
[sighs] It's okay. It's okay.
[Sasha gasps]
Bea: Twila. what are you doing?
[Sasha groans]
Bea: Okay.
she's just gonna go check.
-Sasha: Okay.
-Bea: She's just gonna go check.
[car engine whirring]
-Bea!
-Oh. shit.
-What?
-What the--
-[Bea breathing heavily]
Shit. who are they?
[panting]
No. it's okay. it's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
You're gonna be okay. Oh. God.
[sighs] No. it's gonna be fine.
It's gonna be--
you're gonna be fine.
'Cause whatever happens.
happens to the both of us. okay.
-I'm not leaving you.
-Sasha: Okay.
-I'm not gonna leave you. okay?
It's gonna be okay.
[speaking in Russian]
-Ma'am. Sergeant Davis Carter.
U.S. Marines.
-You called for an extraction?
-[in English] Yes.
Yes. yes. Yes. this is him.
This is the asset.
Oh. my God. it's okay.
They're here. They're here.
We're gonna get you
out of this. okay? [sighs]
♪ My heart knows you're gone ♪
♪ It won't let me forget ♪
♪ The feelings
I had for you before... ♪
You think
he's gonna be okay. Sasha?
-I don't know.
-Well. can you just tell me
he's gonna be okay?
-I don't wanna lie to you.
I mean. I've got no idea
if he's gonna make it.
We don't even know
where they're takin' him.
I know that
you're gonna be okay.
No matter what. that's...
not somethin'
I would've said six months ago.
-There's a lot of things
I wouldn't have done
six months ago.
Like. murder someone.
I'm a murderer.
For the rest of my life.
I killed someone.
♪ Every day ♪
-Time helps.
When you do somethin' horrible.
time doesn't make it go away.
but it-- it helps.
-What do you mean?
-My-- my dad was my best friend
when I was little.
You know.
he-- he was around a lot.
He worked this construction job.
and he got injured
so we spent a lot of time
together and he...
took me. you know.
hunting and fishin'
and we were kinda like buddies.
-you know?
-Mm-hmm.
But he drank. he drank a lot
and I would. you know.
get home from school
and he'd just been
drinking all day.
And he'd you know.
be really out of it. and...
and one day in fourth grade
I got home and-- and
something was really wrong
and he was just throwing up.
And he wouldn't
stop throwing up.
So. I put him in
his truck. you know.
tried to take him
to the hospital.
I really thought I could do it.
You know. I thought--
I thought I could...
do that. but I...
I ran a red light
and I-- I hit a bus.
or the-- the bus hit us.
Him. It was...
-Twila. that wasn't your fault.
-Doesn't matter
whose fault it was. I mean...
-It matters
that it wasn't yours.
-That's when my life
got really fucked up.
You know. my mom and my...
Just everything.
so I had to get outta there.
-And what did you do?
-Remember my miscarriage?
-Mm-hmm.
-It didn't happen.
I was never pregnant. I--
I can't get pregnant.
I had a botched abortion
when I was fifteen.
So they said
I'd never have a kid.
So. I couldn't tell
Tom that. you know?
Tom woulda never married me
if I couldn't. so I...
And I'd just been stuck there
in that shithole with my mom
and these fucking guys
that came after my dad.
And they hated me. you know?
Except for the ones that
liked me a little too much.
So. I lied.
To Tom and to...
myself and to everyone.
I lied a lot.
And I don't wanna lie anymore.
I don't know why I'm telling you
this right now. I'm sorry. I'm--
I'm-- This doesn't
even matter anymore.
-It matters.
Twila.
You matter.
[♪]
-You think
Andrei heard all that?
[Twila and Bea sigh]
["Dangerous Type" by The Cars]
[both panting.
grunting in effort]
♪ Can I touch you.
are you out of touch? ♪
♪ I guess
I never noticed that much ♪
♪ Geranium lover.
I'm live on your wire ♪
♪ Ooh. come and take me
whoever you are ♪
♪ She's a lot like you ♪
♪ The dangerous type ♪
♪ Come on and hold me tight ♪
[door slams]
[Andrei sighs]
-Suka.
You know.
I thought I'd be dead tonight.
Instead. I get to see
American Embassy. in person.
-Should've killed you.
-So. why the fuck didn't you?
-Because I have mind.
And I have heart.
And they fight.
-Can I have a cigarette?
-No.
-Is your boyfriend dead?
Americans couldn't
save him in time.
Twila: We coulda killed ya.
you know.
We just let ya live.
so we could use ya.
-Mm.
-We've got leverage on ya.
-Leverage?
What do you have?
If we're negotiating. you should
really let me have a cigarette.
[Twila scoffs]
-Your tapes.
We got your tapes.
Shampoo bottles from the dacha.
We've got alla that.
-Don't we?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
You murdered those women.
for what?
So you can
manipulate the Russians?
What-- What if those tapes
got in the hands of the people
that you're trying
to manipulate?
-I don't think
that'd be very good.
-No. that would be very bad.
-Yeah. what do you want?
How are you gonna use
your leverage?
-However we want.
You're gonna work for us.
You're gonna get us information.
-We want answers.
-Twila: Yeah.
-[laughs] You came
to Moscow for answers?
There are no answers in Moscow.
-Chris Grant. Tom Hasbeck.
Who killed them?
[♪]
-Who's Chris Grant?
Who's Tom Hasbeck?
-He knows who they--
You know who they are.
-Our husbands.
-When I saw ya with Dane
You remember that night.
yeah. you-- you knew about
the two C.I.A. agents
that were killed.
One of them was working for ya.
[sighs]
-Those were your husbands.
Yeah. everything
makes more sense now.
Can I ask. who told you that
one of them
was working for K.G.B.?
Vera.
She said that my husband
was working for the Soviets.
-And Vera. she knew
which husband was whose?
Vera is not what Americans
call a people person.
It's hard to tell you apart.
two young Americans.
Long hair. big eyebrows.
But yes. yes. yes.
There was an American agent
working for us.
And yes.
I can tell you who he was.
But first.
I will need a cigarette.
-Oh. fuck.
-Not the American shit. no.
Give me one of mine.
-Don't.
-You were saying...
-Yes. American agent
who worked for us.
He was young.
Handsome. smart. idealistic.
Went to fancy university.
One of those.
how you call them. Ivy League.
That your husband?
[ominous music]
Hmm.
Was it your husband?
[suspenseful music]
[♪]
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[ominous music continues]
[♪]
[energetic music]
[fire crackling]
[energetic music fades]
[eerie music building]
-Chris?
-Hello. Manya.
-It's not possible.
[♪]
-Hello. Dane.
How you been?
-Your husband working for us.
do you think that made him bad?
Don't talk about my husband.
-Do you think I am bad.
and you're good?
You think you are good
because you're American.
And me and K.G.B..
we kill people.
-Yeah. you fucking kill people.
-And C.I.A. would never
kill innocent woman?
Galyna Shevchenko.
your boyfriend's sister.
do you know who murdered her?
-You. Or someone just like you.
-No. not me.
Not us. Americans.
Galyna Shevchenko?
She was not prostitute.
She was K.G.B.
and the Americans killed her
and made her look like
we did it.
Nobody knew why.
But now I know why.
it's so her brother
would work for you.
[Twila sniffling]
-Bea. do you smell smoke?
You smell that?
Fuck. Fuck. uh. Bea.
There's a lot of smoke.
We have to go. right now.
[alarm ringing]
-[siren wailing]
-Guard: Please remain calm.
Exit the building.
Keep going. Keep moving.
[people chattering excitedly]
[emotional music]
-Don't worry about the cat.
I'm sure he's fine.
He ran into Twila's apartment.
[♪]
Gretchen: What's on that floor?
It's just storage. right?
Alan: No. it's not just storage.
-[gasps]
-[Bea coughs] Oh. my God.
Oh. Bea! Oh. thank God.
Thank God. Yeah. okay.
Wait. Wha-- No-- Wait a minute.
Twila. Twila. they're K.G.B.!
♪ When everyone has gone ♪
♪ Some are satin.
some are steel ♪
♪ Some are silk.
and some are leather ♪
♪ They're the faces
of the stranger ♪
♪ But we love to try them on ♪
-Nadiya.
-[both gasp]
We have to stop
meeting like this.
[gasps]
♪ Well. we all fall in love ♪
[both gasp]
♪ But we disregard the danger ♪
♪ Though we share
so many secrets ♪
♪ There are some we never tell
♪
♪ Why were you so surprised ♪
♪ That you never saw
the stranger? ♪
♪ Did you ever
let your lover see ♪
♪ The stranger in yourself? ♪
♪ Don't be afraid to try again
♪
♪ Everyone goes south ♪
♪ Every now and then. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ You've done it.
why can't someone else? ♪
♪ You should know by now ♪
♪ You've been there yourself ♪
♪ You may never understand ♪
♪ How the stranger is inspired
♪
♪ But he isn't always evil ♪
♪ And he is not always wrong ♪
♪ Though you drown
in good intentions ♪
♪ You will never
quench the fire ♪
♪ You'll give in
to your desire ♪
♪ When the stranger
comes along ♪
[♪]